Getting Started Tutorial : React update (#4676)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/start/getting-started/common/prereq.mdx

```console
Specify the AWS Region
? region:  <Your preferred region>
Specify the username of the new IAM user:
? user name:  <User name for Amplify IAM user>
Complete the user creation using the AWS console: <URL>
```

Follow the `<URL>` and create a user with `AdministratorAccess-Amplify` to your account to provision AWS resources for you like AppSync, Cognito etc.

![image](/images/user-creation.gif)

> Amplify CLI will then ask you to copy and past the `accessKeyId` and the `secretAccessKey` from your newly create IAM user to connect with Amplify CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify CLI will then ask you to copy and paste the `accessKeyId` and the `secretAccessKey` from your newly created IAM user to connect with Amplify CLI.
```

> Amplify CLI will then ask you to copy and past the `accessKeyId` and the `secretAccessKey` from your newly create IAM user to connect with Amplify CLI.

Reviewer 2: Amplify CLI will then ask you to copy and paste the `accessKeyId` and the `secretAccessKey` from your newly created IAM user to connect with Amplify CLI.

Author: Endorsed
